### Thoughts on scylla ###

Maybe you will have the chance to see this tool after DEF CON, but it would be cool if you try it before. So, this is the official non-official release of Scylla.

Why non-official? cus there would not be any official release, never, ever (I think), and here's why: Scylla started in 2010, when there wasn't any good brute force (bf) tool for windows (remember last hydra release? it was just for linux, i think :P), it was a pain in the ass to compile Hydra, but was all what i had, but still got friends that needed a tool like that, and that's how scylla begin, another bf tool. The developing process was simple, i need something new, i just add it, got an error, I fix it. It was for me and not for final user, so it can be as bogus as i want. Everything was ok till I found an Oracle 11g, don't know why the old OScanner don't work, i get into the code and it was quite easy to implement, so i "copied" oscanener into Scylla. Those "post-hacks" where cool, but what happend when u receive a "Account Locked" while trying to connect? So I added what i call "pre-hacks", and the first architectural change come, Scylla now comes with an average brute force core and an re-coded OScanner with a bit of inteligence before (or in the) bf attack. As days passed, i found the need to make the same as i do with Oracle with other modules (and the need to add more modules), so Scylla starts growing as a "Audit framework" for lots of protocols and bf became just "another feature". Scylla grows as I need (yeah, i work in consulting, most of the time doing ethical hacking), and there's always a lot of stuff you need. That's the main reason why there won't be an oficial release, cus everyday i need something new, and what i do a week before, can be incomplete (well, not incomplete, but not fancy as most of you would like :P).

Scylla won't be released as a fancy tool with installer and all that stuff, it would be just code and some "I hope they work" binaries (i've never test them in another PC like "stand alone"). I know the code works if you compile it in any Windows XP > pc (maybe u gotta solve some dependencies issues but if you follow instructions it won't be hard to compile). I really prefer if you compile the code, cus you would be obliged to help me solving issues :).